# Design Diary - 04/17/2020 - Dijktra's Pathfider 

For this project, we had to implement Dijkrta's algorithm in a pre-built unity game game to fnd the optimal pathway through tiles. This was by far the hardest project for me to conceptualize in the beginning, and took lots and lots of tutorials and reading different code to figure out how the algorithm worked and how I could implement it into the project. Once I thought I had the algorithm conceptualized, I started by writing psuedocode to remind me what to do, and read the rest of the existing comments and code, before I was able to write the algorithm and get the base requirements working. As it turned out, despite being the hardest to conceptualize, this project was definitely the easiest one so far to code the base requirements. Once I was done with the base requirements, and had the algorithm working, I was able to pretty quickly figure out how to use the tile palette, and was able to add new ground tiles with different weights pretty easily. When it came to adding object tiles, I got lost. My first problem was getting null errors when I tried to grab the object tile at the location that was given. This took a LOT of debugging to figure out and once I was done debugging that error, I was getting paths that were clearly wrong. I tried to figure this out for almost three hours and got it to the point were it works for the first time I draw out a path, but after that, I get extremely high weights that I just couldn't/can't figure out. This was probably the most disappointed that I've been in my abilities and I made a ton of mistakes with time management that could have probably given me the time to work things out.

On a more personal note, I hate making excuses for my coming short on something that I know I could have and can do, but this week has been one of the worst weeks I have had in years. School has been really stressing me out, mostly Architecture and not knowing how I am doing in that class, and not doing as well as I thought I would do on the midterm. After getting a really disappointing grade in Architeture yesterday, we got a phone call from the place where my grandmother lives telling us that we should start looking into funeral homes for her, and almost immediately afterwards, I got a phonecall from my long term girlfriend saying that she wanted to break up with me in order to "meet new people." All of these things hit me really hard and really fast, and I ended up going to the hospital today. I'm fine now and I do feel a lot better, but I just wanted to mention what has been going on in my life because I'm really disappointed in myself for not being able to get his project working, and I feel like my personal issues have contributed greatly to not being able to do as well as I wanted.